Now let's look at a function where we need
to convert from one data type to another.
This function will multiply two numbers.
Let's watch it work.
going to enter a number,
7, and another number, 3.
And we get the product of 21.
Let's see how that's done.
First we have an input
statement to get one number in,
but it comes in as a string.
We then have another input statement
to enter the other number, and
it also will come in as a string.
Then we take the string, numstr1 and
convert it to a float, num1.
Then we do the same thing with num2,
convert it to a float.
And then we can take the product
num1 * num2, and print that out.
Now let me emphasize that if we had tried
to multiply these two, it wouldn't work.
Here is an example of that.
Let me comment this line out.
I'm going to go up here to edit and
put comment.
And then I'm going to
un-comment this line,
go back to edit, un-comment that.
Now let's run this again and
see what goes wrong.
That's up arrow, go back to the multiply.
Now we're going to enter seven again,
times three, boom.
We get a type error.
Can't multiply sequence by
non integers of type strain.
Now let me restore these.